---
date: "2024-05-25T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- journal
---

Another hot day here, so no big expectations. Going to head to the north with one of my friends to take the metro cablebus (ski gondola) that links the poor parts of the city in the mountains with the rest. I've been to these before in Colombia, so it'll be cool to see how they are here.

I went on a date with my ole ladyfriend and talked with her more. On the one hand, I do like her a lot. On the other hand, she expressed that's she's afraid to make mistakes or be hurt again in a relationship -- so I feel like we don't get much of anywhere. I didn't intend to change her mind, but I told her that making mistakes and being open is (imo) better than going so slow we never get anywhere -- and she agreed.

We also talked about respect with each other... think it was nice to clear those up a little. I think I could write more on that a different day, but I'm happy that we could talk about it and resolve it well. We get a long well and have a great time, but I'm starting to feel this isn't what want -- I'm waiting to get a better living situation before continuing dating again, but I woke up feeling a -- little odd about me and her. I think want something more, but I'm not sure that I want more from her (in a relationship).

She finishes her semester this upcoming week, and we've made tentative plans to hang out more this summer. We both know and have said how much we like each other... I'm just having problems with the lack of progression guess? Maybe it's not a problem but a new experience for me. I think I need to give this all more thought. She is super sweet, and I'm not planning to get rid of her. I just need to figure out more clearly what I want -- I feel something now, but I don't have the words to describe it. 