---
title: "Uncovering Desires: Your BDSM Test and Bedroom Bucket List"
tags:
  - notes
---

### BDSM Quiz

At your leisure, please fill out the sex menu and take a BDSM test. 

I promise that I will be open-minded and non-judgemental when we talk about our answers together, so please answer honestly. I ask that you please do the same for me (and I will for you). The answers are only meant for a discussion point, and there is no obligation or expectation for either of us to participate in them. There is no disappointment if they do or do not happen.

The BDSM Test describes itself pretty well. Save your results (please save the permalink and copy and past the output somewhere): 

These tests provide a good warm-up for creating a sex bucket list later, which will be a more open-response type of exercise (and not answering yes/no questions). I think that it will also be a good discussion point regarding what did or did not interest us. Feel free to make your own copy of the Sex Menu if you want to wait until the end for us both to look over, but I promise to not open it until we are together (in case your response takes a while -- it is a bit long). 

* <https://www.bdsmtest.org/start>

We'll share our results together -- if you don't understand some terms or would rather wait until we see each other again to take it that's fine: 

### Sexual Bucketlist

- Inspiration:
<https://killyourinnerloser.com/sexual-bucketlist/>

Write a bucketlist of things you'd like to try or have always fantasized about in the bedroom. These can be big or small things, complex or even something as simple as "I like having my shoulder bitten". I won't judge anything you're into, even if it's really fucked up. We'll talk through them and tick them off. Of course I'll share you mine after you finish yours.

### Sex Menu

The Sex Menu is meant to be filled out from your point of view for each activity (i.e. would you want to do this? -- not from the perspective of anyone else): 

* <https://kinkyevents.co.uk/free-resources-for-doms-and-subs/sex-menu-template/>

---

# My own Bucketlist

* Warm her up until almost orgasm, take her to a restaurant, sit at a booth, tease and finger her during the whole meal, tell her she's such a dirty slut for being so wet at the restaurant, and go back home to fuck her senselessly 
* Have her wear a skirt and tank top (no panties or bra) with makeup to look like a pornstar, show her off in public, casually expose and grope her while teasing her, bonus for a butt plug or remotely controlled vibrater 
* Let her choke on my cock and facefuck her senselessly while complimenting her on how much of a sexy, dirty little slut she is for enjoying choking on my dick... vibrate her pussy to associate facefucking with extreme satisfaction 
* Let her sit on my head and smother me while I enjoy eating her out until she tires and then we can 69 
* Threesome MFF 
* Have her wearing a skirt, bent over [couch?], tied up, blindfolded, and ready for me to do what I please 
* Take pics or videos of her tied up and me dominating 
* Take professional, sexy photos (D/s, physique, toys)